== README
HW#2

Link to Heroku: http://lit-journey-2092.herokuapp.com/

Issues Encountered: Could not get spacing right for the footer and content. After playing around with the margin I
was able to find a height that fit for the content region using margin-top: 7%;.
For the nav-bar I was not able to get the icons until they were posted to the website. 
When I was adding in the google home logo, the original picture did not fit the dimensions I had, so in order to fix it
I changed Background-size and centered the image. The final problem encountered was trying to mimick the "google search"
and "I'm feeling lucky" buttons. I originally had them as input with type "submit" but when using google's code to 
try and get the design, it would not get rid of the original submit button interface. I fixed this by jsut changing 
the buttons to links instead and using the style google gave to edit those. 

Idea 1: Creating an all in one place to post your sublets for your university/city. The current problem is that there is 
no one place to go to check sublets that relate to college students specifically. Similar to Pennlets but on a nation-wide
scale. Ideally making it easy to find a sublet for college students.

Idea 2: I like to workout a lot and there are tons of places to go on the web to find what you want to do. This site would
be a place to go to view and share workouts with your friends or even follow people who's workouts you enjoy. Thus,
you could search for routines or maybe follow ones which you think give good advice.

Idea 3: Similar to the one above but diet based. There are plenty of sites that give recipes and allow you to share them,
but they never really connect the user to it or track what theyve made. The goal of this site would be to have a collection
of recipes and dishes per user that could 

